Updated the README.md with prerequisites required for running the tests. (#2226)
tektoncd/cli: test/README.md

make test-unit
```

## End to end tests

### Some prerequisites to run tests:

1. To run end to end tests, you will need to have a running Tekton pipeline deployed on your cluster, see [Install Pipeline](../DEVELOPMENT.md#install-pipeline).

2. Next install Tekton Triggers in the cluster. Depending on which version of Triggers you want to install run one of the commands from [Installation](https://github.com/tektoncd/triggers/blob/main/docs/install.md#installation)

Set environment variable `TEST_CLUSTERTASK_LIST_EMPTY` to any value if tests are run in an environment which contains `clustertasks`. Set `SYSTEM_NAMESPACE` variable to appropriate value (say tekton-pipelines).The `SYSTEM_NAMESPACE` variable provides a configurable way to specify the namespace where Tekton Pipelines system components reside within the Kubernetes cluster.

### Running

> End to end tests live in this directory. By default `go test` will not run [the end to end tests](#end-to-end-tests),

Reviewer: >End to end tests live in this directory.

let's add a hyperlink to `this` keyword ?

Author: Sure @vinamra28 doing it.

> which need `-tags=e2e` to be enabled hence to run these tests, you must provide `go` with `-tags=e2e`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it need `-tags=e2e` to be enabled in order to run these tests, hence you must provide `go` with `-tags=e2e`. 
```

### One test case

To run one e2e test case, e.g. TestPipelinesE2E test, use
the `-run` flag with `go test`

```bash
go test -v ./test/... -tags=e2e -run ^TestPipelinesE2E
```

### Prerequisite to run make check and make generated 

Ensure that golangci-lint and yamllint are installed on your development machine. If not then install them following [golangci-lint](https://golangci-lint.run/usage/install/) and [yamllint](https://yamllint.readthedocs.io/en/stable/quickstart.html).

Next step will be to run
```bash
# For linting using golangci-lint
make check

> # For running tests to update goldenfile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# For running tests to check diff in goldenfile and [docs](https://github.com/tektoncd/cli/tree/main/docs)
```
